 TITLE Courage - TD Jakes
You gotta have the courage...
Do you have the courage,
to act outwardly, on what you see inwardly.
Or will you die dreamer,
will you die on the verge, and on the edge,
and in the land of could've, would've, and should've.
Do you have the courage...
I'm-m gonna drop something on you.
It takes courage to be successful.
It is far easier not to be successful.
 LINK None

 TITLE COURAGE - TD Jakes (cont)
Misery will always have company.
Sucess breeds contempt.
If you don't want to make waves,
be mediocre, be normal and fit in.
And if you're more concerned about people
than you are God, then neutralize everything He put in you.
Just fit in with everybody else-
dress like 'em, walk like 'em, act like 'em, eat like 'em,
go where they go, think like they think, do what they do-
and once you've neutralized your uniquness,
you don't need courage.
 LINK None

 TITLE Courage - TD Jakes (cont)
It takes courage to be different.
It takes courage to go where you've never gone before.
For some of you, it took courage to come to this conference.
It takes courage to get you outside the box.
It takes courage to be successful.
It takes courage to win.
People don't take about people that don't win,
if you win they're gonna talk about you.
Do you have the courage,
to stand there til there storms keep raging?
And the people get to talkin', and you stand there,
"I've come too far, to turn around,"
Do you have the courage?
 LINK None

 TITLE Courage - TD Jakes (cont)
I'm-m gonna say something to you.
It takes courage to be exception.
It takes courage to be wise.
It takes courage to be rich.
It takes courage to be educated.
It takes courage to be knowledgable...
because the moment you do- y-you don't talk like them
y-you forgot where you came from,
look at you talke- It takes courage!
 LINK None

 TITLE COURAGE - TD Jakes (cont)
And I'm just wondering...
in this weak; watered down mediocre society that we live in today...
in this reality-TV world we live in today...
I'm wondering if there's anybody left,
that's got the courage to say,
"After all I've been through,
and all my ancestors have been through,
and all my parents have been through,
I didn't come through all of that
just to fit in with normals-
I have the courage to courage
to go after my dream."
Is there one-n left in this entire colosseum,
that's got some courage!
 LINK None
