 TITLE Persevere - Barrack Obama 
Persevere... nothing worth-while is easy.
No one of achievement has avoided failure- 
sometimes catastrophic failures.
But they keep at it, they learn from mistakes.
They don't quit. 
 LINK https://soundcloud.com/benlionelscott/persevere-best-motivation

 TITLE Persevere - Joel Osteen 
The key is what we do in our times of pain.
Pain will change us.
Heartache, loss, disappointment, they don't leave us the same.
You can come out bitter, or you can come out better.
You can come out defeated, giving up on your dreams,
or you can come out with a new passion, a new fire,
excited about the new opportunities in front of you.
Don't just go through it, grow through it.
That difficulty is an opportunity to get stronger, to develop character, to gain new confidence.
That pain is not there to stop there, it is there to prepare you, to increase you, to develop you. 
 LINK https://soundcloud.com/benlionelscott/persevere-best-motivation

 TITLE Persevere - Les Brown 
You're gonna hit a wall.
And that wall shocked some people.
That wall stunned some people.
That wall discouraged some people.
It's painful hitting that wall.
But some people hit that wall and refuse to be denied.
This person comes back, anyhow, again, and again, and again.
And if you keep on hitting that wall,
here's what happens to you.
That you will have an incredible breakthrough.
And it's as if the universe says, "Let's help 'em out, come on! 
I admire that kind of tenacity. Let's give her a hand." 
This person doesn't care about the pain.
Because this person knows something;
There's no gain, without pain.
 LINK https://soundcloud.com/benlionelscott/persevere-best-motivation

 TITLE Persevere - Eric Thomas
Everybody talks positive about themselves. 
Everybody talks like you a beast. 
You dress like you a beast.
But when it's time to do what bees do you back up.
You have an excuse.
Innovation is reward;
they give you a plaque for it, they give you a reward for it.
But execution is worshipped.
Listen to me.
There's no excuse in what will seperate those of you from the rest.
It's not what they give you, 
what's gonna seperate you and what you do.
 LINK https://soundcloud.com/benlionelscott/persevere-best-motivation

 TITLE Persevere - Eric Thomas (cont)
Listen to me very closely.
I want you to know,
there's only one equation is missing,
there's only one thing you cannot purchase,
there's only one thing you cannot buy.
And that's what real beasts do.
I ain't smart, 
but the different between me and most people is:
You might be sweeter than me,
you might be bigger than me,
you might grind- listen to me I don't know,
you might have money- 
I don't know where you come from but
 you will not out work me.
Every single time,
this is an opportunity of a life-time
and i'ma take advantage of it.
 LINK https://soundcloud.com/benlionelscott/persevere-best-motivation